README.md, before:

# weather-dashboard

## Description

### Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city


## Deployed Web Page
[Deployed Page Link](https://bethanyshoun.github.io/weather-dashboard/)

Commit message:

readme updates and javascript functionality updates

README.md, after:

# Weather Dashboard

## Description
This project utilizes html, javascript, bootstrap, moment.js, and jQuery to create a dashboard that allows users to search for weather in a city, get the current weather for that city, and see a five-day forecast for the city.

### Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city


## Deployed Web Page
[Deployed Page Link](https://bethanyshoun.github.io/weather-dashboard/)
